Add costmap update timeout (#662)
ros-navigation/docs.nav2.org: configuration/packages/configuring-planner-server.rst

  Description
    The lifecycle node bond mechanism publishing period (on the /bond topic). Disabled if inferior or equal to 0.0.

:costmap_update_timeout:

  ============== ========
  Type           Default
  -------------- --------
  double         1.0
  ============== ========

  Description

>     The timeout value (seconds) for the costmap to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The timeout value (seconds) for the costmap to be fully updated before a planning request.
```
